Added new kb article wizard-text-wrapping (#2586)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/wizard-text-wrapping.md

---
title: Wizard Text Wrapping
description: This article demonstrates how to allow text wrapping for step labels in the Telerik UI for Blazor Wizard component to ensure full text visibility.
type: how-to
page_title: How to Enable Text Wrapping in Wizard Step Labels - Telerik UI for Blazor

> slug: wizard-text-wrapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: wizard-kb-wrap-step-label-text
```

> tags: css, blazor, wizard, text, wrap, ui, telerik

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: telerik, blazor, wizard, css, styles
```

res_type: kb

> ticketid: 1671064

Reviewer: Add the other tickets here

---

## Environment

<table>
    <tbody>
	    <tr>
	    	<td>Product</td>
	    	<td>Wizard for Blazor</td>
	    </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Description

> I am wondering if there's a way to allow the `TelerikWizard` to show the full text. For instance, step labels in my Wizard component are getting cut off, and I wish to display the complete text by wrapping it onto the next line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to allow the `TelerikWizard` to show the full text of the step labels. For instance, step labels in my Wizard component are getting cut off, and I wish to display the complete text by wrapping it onto the next line.
```

## Solution

> To ensure that the text within the wizard steps wraps properly and the full text is displayed, apply the following CSS styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that the text within the Wizard steps wraps and the full text is displayed, apply the following CSS styles.
```

> >caption These styles allow the text to wrap within the wizard steps and break words if necessary to fit the content within the available space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>caption Wrap Wizard step label text
```
